environmental controversy after two months of floods state government announces
that goes at least from 12 to 15 the number of pumps that send water from the
pine and tietê rivers to the billings dam
has more dirty water to the spring that guarantees the supply of 2 million
people
the system of floodgates and pumps of treason and
quarries
built in 1940
serves to control the floods of the pine and tietê rivers
when there is excess water is pumped to the billings dam
because of the contamination of the spring
the rumors thrown into the rivers
the pumping
in 1900
can only occur in emergency situations
such as flood risk
which has been repeated several times
the government's intention now with the installation of three more bombs
he is done
I loved
these bombs we'll see
on the connection is there is the sound can move the same amount of water as
today caused disorder that the citizen through the overflow of the rivers of
a much faster way
before it gets to overflow
né ii go from the fringes and everything else we go mullet moving this street of
so that it does not cause disorder until the prediction is
that the new pumps will be installed if they start operating
in December 2013
but environmental experts and responded to the lobster's work
the retailer believes that the measure to reduce the floods will increase
the dirt of the billings dam
it's pollution
of the pine rivers
being thus haiti until the water used to drink
for more than one and a half million people in the metropolitan region
the representative of an NGO working in defense of bile
says there is already a popular court action to access pumping
to increase the system
will compromise the quality of the water used in the supply
what is not right or not suitable for the population drink a
cup containing energetic epe
events is not controlled what is controlled is the occupation of the river
farm your riverbank that's what controls to power the water I give myself
of the rain to have where to go the problem is that they occupied it is not illegal
picture so we already do it already the good was they have more than 10 60
years it is done, but in spite of the constitution I heard
immediately after the date of entry into force of this new
constitution 18 and has nine is adopted exceptionalities is already
discussed
even with with great depth in and these exceptionalities one of them was
emergency for flood control